
1) I'm going to the bathroom to read. -Elvis Presley
2) Goodbye, kid. Hurry back. -Humphrey Bogart
3) I’m bored with it all. -Winston Churchill
4) I have offended God and mankind because my work did not reach the quality it should have. -Leonardo da Vinci
5) This dying is boring. -Richard Feynman
6) I hope the exit is joyful and hope never to return. -Frida Kahlo
7) My wallpaper and I are fighting a duel to the death. One or the other of us has to go. -Oscar Wilde
8) I knew it, I knew it! Born in a goddamn hotel room and dying in a hotel room. -Eugene O’Neill 
9) I must go in; the fog is rising. -Emily Dickinson
10) Dammit, don’t you dare ask God to help me. -Joan Crawford
11) Here is the battle of day against night. I see black light. -Victor Hugo
12) I can feel the daisies growing over me. -John Keats
13) Last words are for fools who haven’t said enough! -Karl Marx
14) I'm going away tonight. -James Brown
15) Stand away, fellow, from my diagram! -Archimedes
16) I want nothing but death. -Jane Austen
17) Where is my clock? -Salvador Dalí
18) One last drink, please. -Jack Daniel
19) Oh, you young people act like old men. You are no fun. -Josephine Baker
20) Shoot, coward, you are only going to kill a man. -Che Guevara
21) Swing low, sweet chariot. -Harriet Tubman
22) I feel great. -'Pistol' Pete Maravich
23) A dying man can do nothing easy. -Benjamin Franklin
24) Happy anniversary. I love you. -Vince Lombardi
25) Tell Georgie I want to get in the movies one way or another. -Charles 'Lucky' Luciano
26) God damn the whole friggin’ world and everyone in it but you, Carlotta. -W.C. Fields
27) One never knows the ending. One has to die to know exactly what happens after death, although Catholics have their hopes. -Alfred Hitchcock
28) This is no way to live! -Groucho Marx
29) I want the world to be filled with white fluffy duckies. -Derek Jarman
30) Goodnight, my kitten. -Ernest Hemingway
31) Every damn fool thing you do in this life you pay for. -Edith Piaf
32) Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow. -Steve Jobs
33) Don't let it end like this. Tell them I said something. -Pancho Villa
34) I finally get to see Marilyn. -Joe Dimaggio
35) Lord help my poor soul. -Edgar Allan Poe
36) You are wonderful. - Arthur Conan Doyle
37) I understand the true principles of the government. I wish them carried out. I ask nothing more. -William Henry Harrison
38) Perhaps it is best. -John Tyler
39) I love you, Sarah. For all eternity, I love you. -James K. Polk
40) I regret nothing, but I am sorry to leave my friends. -Zachary Taylor
41) Oh, do not cry. Be good children and we shall meet in heaven. -Andrew Johnson
42) I have tried so hard to do right. -Grover Cleveland
43) I know I am going where Lucy is. -Rutherford B. Hayes
44) I've been really sick lately, so I'm sorry that I haven't answered yours and Ernie's letters, but I think about you daily. -Harry Moses Horwitz
45) That's what I anticipate death will be: a totally unconscious void in which you float through eternity with no particular consciousness about anything. -Rod Serling
46) I’m going, but I’m going in the name of the Lord. -Bessie Smith
47) What the devil do you mean to sing to me, priest? You are out of tune. -Jean-Philippe Rameau
48) A certain butterfly is already on the wing. -Vladimir Nabokov
49) You’re right. It’s time. I love you all. -Michael Landon
50) 



INTERNET QUOTES
1) Marketing, also known as lies. Simon Whistler
2) Choose a major you ove and you'll never work a day in your life because that field probably isn't hiring.
3) The next time I'm opening up to someone is my autopsy.
4) You've got to make a statement. You'vve got to look inside yourself and say: 'what am I willing to put up with today?' 'NOT F***ING THIS!' Arin Hanson
5) Stay in school, don't do drugs, eat your teeth
6) Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die. Mel Brooks
7) In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
8) 
9) 
10) 
11) 
12) 
13) 
14) 
15) 
16) 
17) 
18) 
19) 
20) 